<201>	Trail

(0,0)
You are on a trail in the forest that runs along 
the river.

(0,1)
A small river rushes past. The water is cool and refreshing.

(0,2)
You see something glint in the sunlight from across the river. 
You wade across and find a steel sword lodged in between 
two boulders.

(1,0)
More bones are piled around. Unfortunately, they look 
human.

(1,1)
The trail is getting steeper as you venture through the 
Great Wood, further into the mountains.

(1,2)
An abandoned dinghy is overturned on the banks of the 
river. It's been smashed in half and the oars are missing.

(2,0)
The forest is too dense to traverse in this direction.

(2,1)
You pass by what seems to be an abandoned shack. You 
step closer to investigate but are chased away by an old 
hermit swinging and wagging a sword much too heavy 
for him to carry. 

"I TOLD YOU MONSTERS TO GET AWAY!" he 
shouted angrily. 

"COME BACK HERE AND I WILL GRIND YOUR 
BONES AND TURN THEM INTO SAND!" 

You are quick to get away and continue on. 

(2,2)
You notice some broken oars on the side of the road. 
Very strange indeed.

<202>	Village
(0,0)
You are at the village entrance. You are able to see the 
market, a small schoolhouse, and many shops.

(0,1)
There is a path that leads to the farmlands. A few villagers 
pass by on horseback.

(0,2)
A sizeable market full of produce, meats, and other food items 
are visible ahead. The scent of freshly baked bread makes your 
mouth water.

(1,0)
You see the tavern you had previously visited. You see some villagers 
you recognize. They wave to you and cheer you on in your quest.

(1,1)
You are at the center of the village. Evidence of a great fight against 
a wyrm is splayed all over the nearby grounds and buildings. You must 
work quickly to get rid of the monsters.

(1,2)
Some school children play outside of the school house while others eat 
their pail lunches. A few of the children notice you and stare in awe.

A little girl runs up to you and hugs you. 
"Thank you for helping us," she whispers before running back to her 
friends.

(2,0)
You see a sign to a house that reads "Elvira Lestat, potions for all your needs." 
You peek inside and see a young, beautiful sorceress helping out a few customers, 
with a custom potion. She seems a bit unexperienced as she accidently spoils the 
potion she's brewing and must start again.

(2,1)
The sound of metal hitting metal catches your attention. A strong blacksmith 
hammers away, carving out a new sword from bronze. In front of his station, 
a sign reads, "Blacksmith and Metalworks."

(2,2)
You see a shop called The Red Brick General Store. They sell 
clothing, weapons, armor, and potions.

<203>	Volcano

(0,0)
You are on the path that leads to the volcano in the nearny mountains.

(0,1)
You find the remains of man with steel armor still intact. It would be a mighty
fine item to take with you on your quest.

(0,2)
You see a cave at the base of the mountain. Inside you find the bones of a wyrm
and piles and piles of gold. Among the gold, you see the armour and weaponry of
several dead men who tried but failed to steal this wyrm's treasure when it was
alive.

(1,0)
An old crone leaps into your way. 
"TURN BACK! TURN BACK!" she screams. 
"TURN BACK WHILE YOU CAN! THE WYRMS' 
RAGE WILL SURELY RAIN DOWN ON YOU!" 

(1,1)
You slowly make you way up the mountain that leads to the volcano. 
The air gets hotter as you go.

(1,2)
You are at the base of the volcano between the volcano and the next mountains 
walls.

(2,0)
You see the footprints of a wyrm. You wearily walk past, your hand ready 
to draw your weapon if needed.

(2,1)
At the top of the mountain, far, far down you see hot magma stewing, slowly 
and actively rising. You notice a few zombies and skeletons hanging onto the 
crevices of the walls, trying to claw at you but failing miserably. 

(2,2)
The mountains get rockier and harder to navigate through. It is almost impossible 
to pass this way.
