You have been slowly traveling by foot for days through the Great Wood.
It has been at least a week since you last saw civilization. 
You have been surviving off of the land and finding shelter in thickets and fallen trees. As
you pass through some bushes, you notice the vegetation getting thinner. 

'A clearing! There must be a town or village nearby,' you think to yourself. 

As you begin exiting the forest, the temperature starts to drop. You look up to the sky. 
The sun is being blocked out by dark, angry clouds. A thick fog blankets
the nearby area. The only thing really visible are two ancient oak trees, 
gnarled and twisted together, forming an archway. 

You step through the arch and out of the Great Wood into a clearing. 
You try to get your bearings but the fog makes it impossible. 
A faint light is visible in the distance. You stumble towards the light and soon 
see that it is a street lantern, struggling to give off light. As you wander ahead, 
the fog clears, allowing you to see a beautiful, quaint, little village. 
However, there are hardly any people out and about. 
You step into a nearby tavern, hoping to find answers.

Upon entering, all patrons abruptly whirl around. 
A hush comes over them. A tall, burly man with a scarred face approaches you, his hand 
on the hilt of his dagger. Your hand hovers your own.

"Who are you?" He gruffly asks.

"I am merely a traveler, looking for a hot meal and a bed to sleep in," you answer, calmly.

"It would be best if you left now," the man threatened.

"We do not take kindly to strangers!" someone yelled. A chorus of pounding fists and yells
sounded in agreement.

"Please, I mean to cause no trouble." You reveal the crest on your shield.

"A knight?" A young barmaid immerges from the crowd. 

She rushes to you and takes your hand. "A miracle! You are an answer to our prayers! 
Please, we need your help." 

"How can I assist?" you ask. The barmaid points out the nearby window. 

"Horrible monsters plague our village. They kill our livestock, scare our young, and invade our forest. 
Please, you must help us eradicate them! Our livelihood depends on it!"

"I-" you begin to protest.

"Your services will not go unrewarded." The tall man sheaths his sword and holds out his hand.
"I am the mayor of this here village. I will personally see to it that you are paid handsomely for your services."

"And my family has a barn you can stay at while you are here," the young maid rushed.

You quickly agree and so your mission begins.
