Before Knight Falls
Frank McDermott, Eve-Amabelle Diby, 5/4/21, Single player, text-based RPG game


The object of this game is to collect items, weapons, and armor in order to fight and rid a small village of its monster infestation. 
Players can start a new game simply by following the prompt from the starting menu. Potions, various types of armor, and 
swords can be used to strengthen a player’s character as they battle dark knights, wyrms, zombies, and more.


Starting the game

1. Run the game application on a computer. Once the game has loaded, a start menu will pop up. 
   Choose the New Game option to start a new game.
2. You will be prompted to enter a name for your character. Once you enter a name, hit [ENTER] 
   and the game introductory message will appear. It will prompt players to read through before pressing any key to continue.
3. After reading the game introductory message,  
   the game will launch the beginning of the story. After reading through the story so far, a prompt will appear to press any key to continue.

Playing the Game

1. Once finished with the starting menu, the game menu will appear. There, players have the options to view their character sheets, 
    inventory, view the game instructions, save the game, quit, or continue the game.
2. To start playing, choose option 6. This will take players to the area where they will begin the game. To navigate the area, refer to 
    the grid that is on the screen along with the directional choices. As they choose what direction to move towards, the grid will 
    update and print descriptions of players’ surroundings as you move.
3. Of the directional menu, there is an option to exit the game (option 5). This option will return players back to the game menu where 
   they can save the game before quitting.

Saving Game Progress
      
1. To save a character’s progress, choose option 4 of the game menu. There will be two options presented: saving the game or returning 
    to the game menu. 
2. To continue with the saving process, choose option 1. Players will have the option to overwrite a previous save file for the current 
    character they are playing with. To save new character stats and inventory, choose option 1. 

Battle

1. Upon entering certain areas within the game, a battle between characters and monsters will occur. The Battle Menu has 4 options: 
    Attack, Defend, Use item, or Run away.
2. Attacking will weaken the opposing monster’s hp level. Defense will secure a character’s current hp levels without injuring the 
   opposing monster. Using an item allows for using any accumulated weapons or items stored in a player’s inventory. Using an item 
   will add to a character’s hp levels, allowing them to be supercharged momentarily. Running away from a battle will cause the battle to 
   quit and the player will return to the grid of the area they were in previously before the battle started.